README.md, before:

# Project Name

Abibas SDC

Abibas is a recreation of Adidas that designs and manufactures shoes, clothing, and accessories. Abibas is created using React, MySQL, Node, and Express. The SDC portion consists of generating millions of primary records of data and loading it into two different databases and comparing the results, as well as doing the same for all of my teammates' components in a proxy.

## Related Projects

  - TBD
  - TBD

## Table of Contents

1. [CRUD API Endpoints](#CRUD)
1. [Usage](#Usage)
1. [Requirements](#requirements)
1. [Development](#development)

## CRUD API Endpoints
---
#### Related "LOOKS" Module

`GET` /looks/:id

`POST` /looks/:id

`DELETE` /looks/:id

#### Parameters

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| Look ID | integer | Id of this "look" and the related shoe |

---


## Usage

> Some usage instructions

## Requirements

An `nvmrc` file is included if using [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm).

- Node 6.13.0
- etc

## Development

### Installing Dependencies

From within the root directory:

```sh
npm install -g webpack
npm install
```

Commit message:

Updated README.md with changes to CRUD API.

README.md, after:

# Project Name

Abibas SDC

Abibas is a recreation of Adidas that designs and manufactures shoes, clothing, and accessories. Abibas is created using React, MySQL, Node, and Express. The SDC portion consists of generating millions of primary records of data and loading it into two different databases and comparing the results, as well as doing the same for all of my teammates' components in a proxy.

## Related Projects

  - TBD
  - TBD

## Table of Contents

1. [CRUD API Endpoints](#CRUD)
1. [Usage](#Usage)
1. [Requirements](#requirements)
1. [Development](#development)

## CRUD API Endpoints
---
#### Related "LOOKS" Module

`GET` /looks/:id

`POST` /look  (+ Post Object)

`DELETE` /looks/:id

#### Parameters

| Name        | Type                | Description                                                |
|-------------|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| Look ID     | integer             | Id of this "look" and the related shoe                     |
| Post Object | JSON "looks" object | A raw jason "looks" object passed in with the POST request |
---


## Usage

> Some usage instructions

## Requirements

An `nvmrc` file is included if using [nvm](https://github.com/creationix/nvm).

- Node 6.13.0
- etc

## Development

### Installing Dependencies

From within the root directory:

```sh
npm install -g webpack
npm install
```
